# Section A
Epidemics have significantly affected societies at every stage of world history. According to the information we gained from lessons, books, and documentaries, these diseases caused many new problems and many people died. Fundamental changes and innovations had to be made within the scope of combating the epidemic. The people of the period somehow tried to combat these diseases and gave a great life struggle. Covid-19 is one of these epidemic diseases, it will neither be the first epidemic, nor the last, affecting the world so significantly. It was seen for the first time in the world in the Wuhan province of China on December 1, 2019, and in our country on March 11, 2020. Thus, the epidemic period has also affected our country. After the pandemic was declared, all countries took drastic measures to prevent the spread of Covid-19 disease. The measures taken caused the economic and social activities to almost come to a halt. This situation has brought economic crises with it. In addition to the sectors that were adversely affected by the crisis, there were also sectors that were profitable during this period. The production volume and profitability of companies working in the sectors of alcohol, disinfectants, masks, cleaning materials, supplements, e-commerce, and home service have increased. People employed in these sectors continued to work. It has switched to the flexible working period in many public and institutions. In the private sector, some enterprises could not stand these working conditions and closed down, some reduced the number of personnel and continued to work with limited working hours. The contraction in the economy generally caused a decrease in production volume and an increase in unemployment rates accordingly. According to the latest data, the number of unemployed people increased by 250 thousand people in February 2021 compared to the previous month and reached 4 million 236 thousand people. The unemployment rate was realized at 13.4 percent with an increase of 0.7 points. These rates will increase even more due to the increase in restrictions and the prolongation of the quarantine period. The increasingly difficult living conditions and the increase in unemployment rates drag us, young people, into despair. This situation is a huge problem for the students who will graduate, that needs to be solved as soon as possible. Therefore, I will focus my study on the increasing unemployment rate during the Covid-19 outbreak.
# Section B
Unemployment is an important issue followed by the whole country because it affects everyone. It is an issue that especially the new generations are constantly following and worrying about their future. So much so that in order not to be unemployed anymore, young people; they choose professions that they will not be unemployed, rather than professions that they love and have talents. Unemployment rates, which have increased rapidly due to the Covid-19 virus in recent times, have also increased the concerns of young people. This issue is of vital importance for individuals whose responsibility is not only to themselves, but also to their families. Because of all these situations, I wanted to research this subject further and do my work in this field.

During my research, I saw on many platforms that people share their problems caused by being unemployed after the Covid-19 virus. Thousands of people were unemployed and in need of help during this period. The only part that I struggled with during my homework was reading these stories and knowing there were people out there who lived them. These stories had a huge impact on me. Apart from that, I found the information I wanted easily because there are many articles, newspaper articles, news, interviews, and statistics on this subject. In the light of all this information, I am doing my homework, but there is no clear information about the transparency of the information because it is said that people who received the money given by the state for the pandemic period are not included in these rates. In other words, when the payments made for the pandemic are over, the figures given will be the most accurate results.
# Sample Scenario
Ali had a grocery store in the neighborhood. With the branches of big supermarket chains going down between the neighborhoods, it became unprofitable and closed its business. Looking for a new job, Ali applied to the company for student bus driver with his brother's suggestion and was hired thanks to his brother's reference. He had to have a student shuttle as a business condition because the firm did not have an empty shuttle cart. Thereupon, although Ali put all his savings to buy a student shuttle, he could not find enough money. To make up for the missing amount, he borrowed some money from his neighborhood and took a loan from the bank and completed the money and took the student shuttle. After performing the necessary operations and procedures, it started working. He worked very hard, dreamed of paying off his debts quickly and making more money, and he was very hopeful about it. One day, he came from work and while watching the news after dinner, he learned that the Covid-19 virus had emerged in China and spread to all countries, but he had not even thought that it would turn his life upside down. Shortly after that, schools and universities were suspended for 3 weeks, which was later extended. Afterwards, the workplace where many personnel employed such as factories, cafes, restaurants, beauty salons was closed. Some of the employees were dismissed, some were forced to resign and some were sent to unpaid leave. With the school holidays, Ali was unemployed again, and he now had a large amount of debt. He tried for a long time to find a job again, but he could not find it and the creditors were constantly asking for their money, but Ali could no longer even pay the rent of his house. When the last bank sent a foreclosure letter to his house, Ali had to sell his service car, and his belief that schools would be opened and his hope that everything would be okay had disappeared. He paid all his debts with the money of the service and decided to return to his hometown with the remaining money. The family was in a very difficult situation and they could not find any other solution. The next day they got ready and returned to the village to his father's house. From now on, they would spend their lives in the village they were not used to. Ali decided to do farming, the only job in the village, and started cultivating his father's 2 acres of land.
